feat(lib): move to std directory, versioned path, documentation (#2122)
catppuccin/userstyles: docs/src/content/docs/contributing/reference/libraries/modules/index.md

Reviewer: Is it worth structuring this into some kind of folder?

---
title: Library Modules
description: Reference for library modules.
sidebar:
  label: Overview
---

Library modules consist of collections of mixins which target design systems or commonly used libraries.

They follow a standard structure and should be built to be modular and reusable across several userstyles.

## Structure

> The [standard library](https://github.com/catppuccin/userstyles/blob/main/lib/std/v1.less) is a good reference as to how libraries can be structured.

Author: ```suggestion
The [standard library](/contributing/reference/libraries/standard/) is a good reference as to how libraries can be structured.
```
There may be multiple versions of standard library, so link to the internal documentation page which contains a link to the source code.

All libraries are in lib/ with subdirectories per library name, and versioned files (e.g., `v1.less`, `v2.less`, etc).

> They must have a top level mixin in the format `#__libraryname`. All constants and variables should be under a nested `.base` mixin, used like `#__libraryname.base()` under `#lib.palette()`.

Author: ```suggestion
They must have a top level mixin in the format `#__libraryname`. All constants and variables should be under a nested `.base` mixin. The nested mixin is used like `#__libraryname.base()` after all other standard library statements.
```
Removing the direct "under `#lib.palette()`" as it doesn't apply correctly when the `#lib.css-variables()` is used.

> You may include other mixins and constants, but they must be under the top level mixin for scoping purposes.

Author: ```suggestion
Other mixins and constants may be included, but they must be under the top level mixin for scoping purposes.
```

## Creation

Identify what your library module will achieve. Are you targeting a design system, framework, or a library?

> If a design system or framework, is it specific to one userstyle or reusable across multiple? What are the popularity metrics of it? Is it worth the maintenance burden for the benefit it provides in DRY?

Author: ```suggestion
If a design system or framework, is it specific to one userstyle or reusable across multiple? What are the popularity metrics of it? Is the increased maintenance workload worth the benefit it provides in DRY (Don't Repeat Yourself)?
```
"burden" has a negative connotation, so avoiding using that.
Readers may not be familiar with what DRY means, so added an acronym expansion.

> If it is a web library, you should check if there is an [existing port](http://catppuccin.com/ports) for it. You may be able to use the methods outlined in [Syntax Highlighting](/contributing/guides/syntax-highlighting/) to import the theme for the library in question. However, if there is no CSS support it may be necessary to upstream the changes needed for it to work.

Author: ```suggestion
If the target is a web library, check if there is an [existing port](http://catppuccin.com/ports) for it. The methods outlined in [Syntax Highlighting](/contributing/guides/syntax-highlighting/) may be used to import the theme for the library in question. Some ports may need changes upstreamed to work for userstyles purposes; in these cases, please coordinate with userstyles staff to determine the most suitable approach.
```

Reiterating "the target" and making some conciseness edits. Don't really like how I reworded the last sentence, some more work could be done to it.

Reviewer: Did some more rewording to what I think your intended meaning is?

Author: Yes, that works!
